a greeting to all friends
androidworld.it today I want to do a
a little atypical comparison between two
smartphone or s4 s4 mini because
I want to compare obviously there is one
you really want to talk
a bit of this nice difference
and at the same time make you understand better
what was lost from a smartphone
to the other from the point of view of the
technical features
if we look at connections
we can even say that s4000 has
something more because even the
fm radio
it's not really true because in any case s4
supports mhl output via the port
micro usb which is present below
from the design point of view I would say that
there is no need for explanations are two
photocopies of each other
one is the miniaturized version
other
continuing to talk about hardware instead
I put them a little bit that centered below
the video camera will talk about
hardware differences come when
let's talk about the s4 processor one
snapdragon 600 pot rope 1.9 gb with gpu
adreno a330 s4000 instead of a snack 3
with 400 dual core 1.7 giger schon gpu
adreno 205 the ram is not so different
2gb for s4 a round and a half for s4
minibatteria 2600 and for milian
1,900 million battery for that one
a little bit makes the difference even if the two
autonomies are not really so
the screens are so different
both two amoled but here we have a 5
499 inches by 1,920 x 1,080 pixels
here we have a 4 inch and three with 960 x
540 pixels therefore a difference
the difference in dpi is substantial
however very high here we have 441 dpa
and here 256 so you ok this is more
large and therefore higher resolution
however, there is still a big difference
of pixel density between the two
smartphone
finally the 13 and 8 megapixel camera
both are ds4 video at 1080p
especially in the photos he takes some shots
better but also of these
four mini defends itself quite well
as regards l
the two displays there is to say that then
viewing angles are practically
the same pressure were used and state
the same type of screen could
his was also produced
company
there is something fundamentally different
in brightness management
automatic this s4 than s4 mini
tends to always be darker in the
automatic brightness management
if we have the automatic measurement e
instead we shoot everything to the maximum
s4 is brighter ds4 mini though since
we often use it in brightness
automatic we have to say that if four
mini had better management s4 had
some small management problems
of the loomis automatic age then up
both of them
we set the desktop view and
when they are at ease
I remind you that these four minis do not
to the vibration in the samsung keyboard e
does not have the revelation born astico below
we obviously start them together
usual loading times here we are
under hi fi
it depends a little on the camera yes
should see the difference a little bit
of colors but perhaps could also
half be a little high
camcorder the colors seem a little bit
more faithful on this s4 here tend a
little to blue green as often
so the quality happens on the amoled
this ds4 screen really
the best or who has a charge
if both the site repeat that this
if four mini seems to behave
better this yes and four no more
even the scrub is not very large
you can see differences, though, we have to say
that to be a mini defends himself a lot
very well
once again we do because being
four mini had not understood
you have therefore seen both defend themselves
recently s4 mini has maybe even
something more see how s4
despite the latest updates not
we still haven't done this s4 has not
still received jelly beans 4.3 la
distribution has begun but in Italy
that I know of still shouldn't be
come to anyone the moment
register say finally we also do a
text for a moment on the images
ok we were already there
okay I am not in the same order
let's go to load it usually picks up the
greater definition of these s4 yes
see here are for example gods
details in this red engraving
in fact in yellow
here we can really distinguish
all the forms all contino here is
slightly more mixed but it is
obviously a problem of size
of the screen and while I'm at it, I'm not
also start a video to say that
we really wanted to do everything
for this comparison between the samsung
galaxy s 4 and samsung galaxy s 4 mini is
all a greeting well but it's not cisotti for
androidworld.it